New pages: SVG text-overflow and white-space (#41605)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/svg/reference/attribute/text-overflow/index.md

---
title: text-overflow
slug: Web/SVG/Reference/Attribute/text-overflow
page-type: svg-attribute
browser-compat: svg.global_attributes.text-overflow
sidebar: svgref
---

> The SVG **`text-overflow`** attribute specifies how text content block elements render when text overflows line boxes as, for example, can happen when the {{SVGAttr("white-space")}} attribute or {{CSSxref("white-space", "CSS property")}} has the value `nowrap`. The property does not apply to pre-formatted text or text-on-a-path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SVG **`text-overflow`** attribute specifies how text content block elements render when text overflows line boxes. This can happen, for example, when the {{SVGAttr("white-space")}} attribute or {{CSSxref("white-space", "CSS property")}} has the value `nowrap`. The property does not apply to pre-formatted text or text situated on a path.
```
